What I'd like to do next is, we're
continuing work in the same index.html and
style.css that we have been
working with here in VS code.
We've now been given a separate HTML and
CSS file from our other developer friends.
Maybe this was something we
downloaded from online or
maybe it is something that somebody
else on the team was working on.
And we've been asked to integrate this
HTML and CSS into our document here.
So if you take a look at your file
structure here inside of your folders,
you will find that there is
a file called addme.html.
We're going to be working with that.
And we have a CSS file that's
called addme.css and so
that is the HTML and CSS that we're gonna
be working with here in this example.
And I always put on the word wrap.
The first thing that you probably wanna do
is, see what these people have given you.
So let's just take a quick peek at
what's going on, if we just open up
addme.html in a browser, you'll see
here that it's basically a card.
So we've been given a painting,
it has some additional information
underneath of it about that
particular painting and
it has a button that is going
to take you somewhere else.
This is not an HTML button, this is a link
that has been styled as a button because
when you click this you're gonna
visit the two inch brush.com website.
So that's what we have here and
we're being asked to incorporate it
into the index.html page that we have.
So how would we go about doing this?
Well, first of all,
we're going to start by grabbing
the HTML that is relevant to us.
And if you just take a quick
look at what is here,
you'll see that there's nothing special.
It just has a stylesheet
associated with it.
And the content is simply
a figure in HTML figure element.
So let us grab that HTML figure element,
I'm going to simply copy it.
And then you can close addme.html,
we won't need it anymore.
Here inside of my document,
I need to place this somewhere, let's say,
we're gonna place it inside of
the article right here after the h1.
So I'm just gonna copy and
paste, so there it is, great,
let's Save it and let's look at
index.html inside of our browser window.
We look at that,
you'll see that we have our webpage
that we've been working with all along.
You'll see that we have a card here,
but of course,
it's lost some of its
styling along the way.
We had an inline style for
the figure element.
It said that the max width was 450 pixels,
happens to match the width
of that picture.
Which is why it is this narrower width
if we didn't have that there then
we would copy and paste this in and
it would stretch all the way
across our browser window.
So that's cool, but of course,
didn't bring in any of the styling.
And since we haven't integrated the style
sheet, none of that is a surprise.
When integrating my addme.css file
into my main style sheet style.css,
there's a bunch of different ways
we could go about doing this.
Clearly, we could copy and paste
the styles from one end to the other and
try to integrate them manually or we
could keep these as separate stylesheets.
I'm gonna walk you through this,
keeping this as separate style sheets
because I suspect that many of you will
probably do something similar when
working in your own environments.
And to do that, then I'm gonna
switch over to style.css, and
at the very top of style.css even
before the root declaration here.
What we're gonna do is,
we are going to add the following code.
We're going to add
an add import statement,
we're gonna import from our own file and
we're gonna import what?
We're gonna import addme.css.
So that of course is going to import
the style sheet that's right there in our
file structure, addme.css.
And we are going to declare it as
a layer with the name of addme because
I'm super creative that way and
reuse all my names.
So we've now created a layer called
add me inside of this style sheet.
And it will include this
styles basically the styles
from the addme.css inside of it.
Now as of this recording,
I am working with the most recent
version of VS code for Mac.
However, you'll see that
VS code is very upset with
me it does not like the code
that I have just written.
And that is because, VS code has
not been programmed to know about
the layer specification yet or
the code that I have put in here.
It does in fact work but it'll look
like I have written bad code and so
you'll just have to ignore that error,
hopefully in a month or a few months
when VS code pushes out another update
that will no longer be an issue.
It is good code, but
it is cutting edge CSS, and so
that is what we see here right now.
Okay, so let's save that.
And let's take a look at how
our webpage is progressing
I open up my HTML in
my default browser and
now what I have going on is,
it looks a little bit maybe.
Better be button style is in fact present,
but
the text is pink, not white.
No, I didn't write a button to look
that way, that looks awful, but
it was originally a purple
button with white text.
And you'll see here, the hover state works
but the text inside of it is hot pink.
And now I have an interesting button
looking thing down here at the bottom,
in the footer.
So there are styles here as well that
are causing this link to be formatted like
a gigantic button.
So now we have to figure out
what is going on with this.
Also that is of course not
the purple that I started with.
So what is happening?
If we take a look at our CSS,
I'm in my main stylesheet style.css here.
We have declared purple
to be medium slate blue.
That is our purple here and in my CSS
that I got distributed, I now have
a purple that has a variable here that
has a different shade of purple in it.
So these kinds of conflicts certainly
arise if you have good developers
who do better with prefacing these
with some kind of prefix or something.
Then maybe you won't run into
these kinds of conflicts, but so
somehow we're gonna have
to fix this problem.
The simplest thing to do here most
likely is just to rename this variable.
Let's call it DK purple.
So I've changed the name
of my variable here.
Now I need to make sure that I've changed
the instances of it here inside of this
stylesheet.
So let us find where
that purple is called.
It's called here on the link, we need to
change the name from purple to DK purple.
Okay, so if I save that now and
I go back to my,
Web browser here and I refresh,
now I am using that dark purple
that I originally had inside
of my add this style sheet.
And so that little problem is resolved.
So that was straightforward enough to do.
The text color though
comes from style.css, so
let's take a look at that really quickly.
So here inside of style.css,
you'll see that we have a, any link
is set to have this hot pink color that
you see and use for all of the links.
And since this style is not
inside of a layer itself and
since it is more specific,
it is overwriting the white color that
I have here inside of these links.
So that is something that
we're going to wanna fix.
The other thing that we have
going on is that in our webpage,
You will see that in the card
we have aerial as our font and
outside of the card we have trebuchet.
So how are we going to
resolve that as well?
Okay, So
way that we can go about fixing this then,
are probably as follows.
Part of the reason that I put in a font
in here is to remind you that when you're
distributing your code and you call out
things like fonts and colors and so forth,
they might not match
somebody else's branding.
So these are things that you
might want to get rid of.
If we got rid of our root with
the variable of font here and
in our stylesheet,
maybe we have that same font here or
maybe it will just call
from our body here.
We can just use inheritance
to inherit that font here.
If that's the case we're
gonna go with inheritance,
then we should remove that call to that
font here which is here on line 11.
We can just get rid of that, save that.
And refresh and
now we're back to the correct fonts, but
the problem with this white
text is gonna remain.
So here in addme.css,
we could make this more specific.
We could add a colon any link,
any hyphen link.
That could definitely be a thing.
We could certainly make it
more specific by adding
additional selectors here to the style,
like putting figure in front of it,
figure.
And that might help some.
For some things, but
it's not gonna help for all of them.
So fortunately,
by adding that figure in front of it,
we managed to turn off the styling for
the footer.
We made it more specific to orient to the
links that are inside of the figure, but
the figure color is still pink.
And that is because remember that our
layered styles are not gonna take
priority over the unlearned styles and
that's what we have going on here.
We have an unlearned style that is hot
pink, but our layered style is white.
So this is just not a problem
that we're gonna be able to
resolve using the little
tweaks that I've used so far.